Hmph, what Miss Wang said is
I want to make the doctor's family an important official in the court
How could it be for a lowly country girl?
Kneel down and kowtow
If Commander Nangong asks us to apologize verbally
That's it.
Concubine Ben Ruo asked us to kowtow and confess
I can't protect the Lord, and Li Cheng will never accept it
reception acceptance
accept or not
Is there going to be a rebellion next?
Commander Nangong became serious as a result
We are all just poor for self-preservation
But wants us to kneel down and apologize to him
Absolutely impossible
Can't be good
I wanted to give it to you.
A chance for families to reform
But what about you?
Ungrateful
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
South court obeys orders
Biography Shuaikou wants to bring everyone present
It doesn't matter where men and women are
Their entire official position and that of their families
Dare to speak wildly
A village woman
How dare you defy the court officials
I'm so shameless, I'm so handsome
I'll give you a chance now.
Kneeling is a sin
Otherwise, the audience will kneel
The project is hands-on, even if it is difficult for him to attack
Desperate
Can't keep you
How dare you be so sure?
I talk to Dr. Shi
He is an important minister in front of today's holy reward
Self-identification is unusual
If you
There really is evidence of identity that can make people happy
Then why didn't you prove it earlier?
The imperial historian was right
If you can really prove your identity
And he pulled it out for us to see.
Take it out take it out
Hey
Why do you say this, my lords?
In my opinion
He doesn't have any great identity at all
Can command the four generals
I'm afraid it's because of the characters in Nangong Tong
Well, since you don't want to believe it
Then I'll teach you English kung fu to copy your house
In a positive capacity